User script communication protocol V1

--- Handshake Protocol ---

After connecting, the client must send a handshake message to the server. It should be a string containing valid JSON dict with the following values:
    protocol_version: Integer. The version number of the protocol the client is using.
    user_id: Integer. The id number of the user's Stack Overflow account.
    token: String. A unique secret value that the user recieved from SOPython when he signed up for the user script.

The client will then respond with a message indicating whether the handshake succeeded. A success looks like:
    {"event_type": "validated"}
And a failure looks like:
    {"event_type": "dropped", "reason": "..."}
... Where the 'reason' value can be "missing parameter" or "not recognizable JSON" or "outdated protocol version" or "invalid token" or any other reason the handshake might fail.

--- Client Requests ---

Once validated, the client can send requests to the server.

Register Interest - sent when the client wants to receive periodic updates about a particular user. This is typically sent the first time the user clicks the "rap sheet" button.
    event_type: "register_interest"
    user_id: Integer. The id number of the user the client is interested in.

Create Annotation - sent when the client adds a note to a user's rap sheet.
    event_type: "create_annotation"
    user_id: Integer. The id number of the user being annotated.
    created: float. The unix timestamp of submission, in seconds.
    text: String. The contents of the annotation.
    author_name: String. The user's Stack Overflow username.

--- Server Messages ---
Once validated, the server can send messages to the client.

Create Annotation - sent when any user (including this user) creates an annotation on a user that this user is interested in. Note: requires more paramters than the client version of this message.
    event_type: "create_annotation"
    user_id: Integer. The id number of the user being annotated.
    created: float. The unix timestamp of submission, in seconds.
    text: String. The contents of the annotation.
    author_name: String. The user's Stack Overflow username.


User Info - Sent in response to a "register interest" message, and sent when information about the user changes, such as number of times kicked.
    event_type: "update_user_info"
    user_id: Integer. The id number of the user being updated.
    updates: list. Contains one or more dictionaries with the following format:
        update_type: String. Can be one of "kicks", "flags", "name", or "avatar".
        value: String. Contents vary by update type:
            kicks: digits.
            flags: digits.
            name: the user's new name.
            avatar: the url of the user's new avatar.
update_type is not necessarily unique amongst the updates list. For example, if the user registers interest for a subject that has two previous names, the initial server response will contain three consecutive "name" dictionaries.